Website: Update documentation of `resolveConfigFile` (#6568)
prettier/prettier: docs/api.md

Use `prettier.resolveConfig.sync(filePath [, options])` if you'd like to use sync version.

## `prettier.resolveConfigFile([filePath])`

> `resolveConfigFile` can be used to find the path of the Prettier's configuration file will be used when resolving the config (i.e. when calling `resolveConfig`). A promise is returned which will resolve to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resolveConfigFile` can be used to find the path of the Prettier configuration file that will be used when resolving the config (i.e. when calling `resolveConfig`). A promise is returned which will resolve to:
```

The promise will be rejected if there was an error parsing the configuration file.

> If `filePath` is not provided, the path of the configuration file in the current directory will be returned.

Reviewer: The configuration file does not _have_ to be in the current directory, right? It could also be in some parent directory?

Also, what happens if you _do_ provide a `filePath`?

Author: Thanks, I fixed.

> If `filePath` is provided, the path of the configuration file in the project where `filePath` exists will be returned, otherwise the path of the configuration file in the current project will be returned.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to link to the cosmiconfig docs for details on how the resolving works: https://github.com/davidtheclark/cosmiconfig#explorersearch

Author: Fixed:+1:

> If `filePath` is provided, the path of the configuration file in the project where `filePath` exists will be returned, otherwise the path of the configuration file in the current project will be returned. Please see [cosmiconfig docs](https://github.com/davidtheclark/cosmiconfig#explorersearch) for details on how the resolving works.

Reviewer: The search starts at `process.cwd()`, or at `filePath` if provided. Please see the [cosmiconfig docs](https://github.com/davidtheclark/cosmiconfig#explorersearch) for details on how the resolving works.
